README.md, before:

# Reading list from MENA Developers community

- [Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs]
  - Description: also called The Wizard Book (the rest is from the Jargon File) an excellent computer science text used in introductory courses at MIT. So called because of the wizard on the jacket. One of the bibles of the LISP/Scheme world. Also, less commonly, known as the Purple Book.
  - Author: Hal Abelson, Jerry Sussman and Julie Sussman.
  - Recommended by: jadissa-mystic
- [The Science of Interstellar]
  - Description: (from amazon.com) [a] journey through the otherworldly science behind Christopher Nolan’s highly anticipated film, Interstellar, from executive producer and theoretical physicist Kip Thorne.
  - Author: Kip Thorne
  - Recommended by: Mysterious
- [Where Wizards Stay Up Late: The Origins Of The Internet]
  - Description: (from amazon.com) Twenty five years ago, it didn't exist. Today, twenty million people worldwide are surfing the Net. Where Wizards Stay Up Late is the exciting story of the pioneers responsible for creating the most talked about, most influential, and most far-reaching communications breakthrough since the invention of the telephone. 
  - Author: Katie Hafner and Matthew Lyon
  - Recommended by: hassankanj

[Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs]: https://mitpress.mit.edu/sicp/
[The Science of Interstellar]: https://www.amazon.com/Science-Interstellar-Kip-Thorne/dp/0393351378
[Where Wizards Stay Up Late: The Origins Of The Internet]: https://www.amazon.com/Where-Wizards-Stay-Up-Late/dp/0684832674

Commit message:

Add genre titles and rating and update general file structure

README.md, after:

# Reading list from MENA Developers community

## Fiction
- [The Science of Interstellar]
  - **Description:** (from amazon.com) [a] journey through the otherworldly science behind Christopher Nolan’s highly anticipated film, Interstellar, from executive producer and theoretical physicist Kip Thorne.
  - **Author(s):** Kip Thorne
  - **Recommended by:** Mysterious
  - **Rating**: N/A
- [Kafka on the Shore]
  - **Description:** Kafka on the Shore follows the fortunes of two remarkable characters. Kafka Tamura runs away from home at fifteen, under the shadow of his father's dark prophesy. The aging Nakata, tracker of lost cats, who never recovered from a bizarre childhood affliction, finds his pleasantly simplified life suddenly turned upside down. Their parallel odysseys are enriched throughout by vivid accomplices and mesmerising dramas. Cats converse with people; fish tumble from the sky; a ghostlike pimp deploys a Hegel-spouting girl of the night; a forest harbours soldiers apparently un-aged since WWII. There is a savage killing, but the identity of both victim and killer is a riddle. Murakami's novel is at once a classic quest, but it is also a bold exploration of mythic and contemporary taboos, of patricide, of mother-love, of sister-love. Above all it is a bewitching and wildly inventive novel from a master stylist.
  - **Author(s):** Haruki Murakami
  - **Recommended by:** [Link-](https://github.com/Link-)
  - **Rating**: 4/5

## Non-Fiction
- [Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs]
  - **Description:** also called The Wizard Book (the rest is from the Jargon File) an excellent computer science text used in introductory courses at MIT. So called because of the wizard on the jacket. One of the bibles of the LISP/Scheme world. Also, less commonly, known as the Purple Book.
  - **Author(s):** Hal Abelson, Jerry Sussman and Julie Sussman.
  - **Recommended by:** jadissa-mystic
  - **Rating**: N/A
- [Where Wizards Stay Up Late: The Origins Of The Internet]
  - **Description:** (from amazon.com) Twenty five years ago, it didn't exist. Today, twenty million people worldwide are surfing the Net. Where Wizards Stay Up Late is the exciting story of the pioneers responsible for creating the most talked about, most influential, and most far-reaching communications breakthrough since the invention of the telephone. 
  - **Author(s):** Katie Hafner and Matthew Lyon
  - **Recommended by:** hassankanj
  - **Rating**: N/A

[Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs]: https://mitpress.mit.edu/sicp/
[The Science of Interstellar]: https://www.amazon.com/Science-Interstellar-Kip-Thorne/dp/0393351378
[Where Wizards Stay Up Late: The Origins Of The Internet]: https://www.amazon.com/Where-Wizards-Stay-Up-Late/dp/0684832674
[Kafka on the Shore]: https://www.bookwitty.com/book/kafka-on-the-shore/97814000792780000000?tap_a=12456-d385d1&tap_s=227822-9f407e
